Updated oss-/cloud-only shortcodes to work with list items (#3424)
influxdata/docs-v2: CONTRIBUTING.md

This is necessary to get the first sentence/paragraph to render correctly.

{{% /oss-only %}}

- {{% oss-only %}}This is a list item that will only render in InfluxDB OSS docs.{{% /oss-only %}}
- {{% oss-only %}}

  This is a multi-paragraph list item that will only render in the InfluxDB OSS docs.

  **Note:** Notice shortcode is _inside_ of the line item.
  There also must be blank newline after the opening short-code tag.
  This is necessary to get the first sentence/paragraph to render correctly.

  {{% /oss-only %}}

1.  Step 1
2.  {{% oss-only %}}This is a list item that will only render in InfluxDB OSS docs.{{% /oss-only %}}
3.  {{% oss-only %}}

>     This is a multi-paragraph list item that will only render in the InfluxDB OSS docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This is a list item that contains multiple paragraphs or nested list items and will only render in the InfluxDB OSS docs.
```

This is necessary to get the first sentence/paragraph to render correctly.

{{% /cloud-only %}}

- {{% cloud-only %}}This is a list item that will only render in InfluxDB Cloud docs.{{% /cloud-only %}}
- {{% cloud-only %}}

>   This is a multi-paragraph list item that will only render in the InfluxDB Cloud docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is a list item that contains multiple paragraphs or nested list items and will only render in the InfluxDB Cloud docs.
```
